You said that you use capital I
in front of our interfaces name.
I remember that the TypeScript team
decided to walk away from this.
>> Yep, so they decided to do that for
their own codebase.
Personally, I find value in having
more explicit visibility into
the various things that I'm using.
Like the minute that the VS code team
allows this kind of thing to
be highlighted differently,
like visibly an interface on the screen,
then I don't need my capital I anymore.
But I do see a lot of value in being able
to differentiate between a class, and
an interface, and a type alias, all of
which could be used interchangeably.
But in one case, I'm crossing a lazy
loading boundary, if I bring a class in,
and if I import that.
And in another I'm not I just see
enough value in being able to spot that
in my code that I personally
continue this pattern.
Although this is like semi-colons, they're
not semi-colons, maybe not that trivial.
But there are many valid opinions
on this topic I'm just here
to say that this is mine.
>> What if I add tons of types, I get
some giant file, is that's the approach?
>> So the question we got in the class
was, what if we have lots and
lots of types?
Do we just have one big type.ts file,
and did we let this get to be 5,000,
6,000 lines long and if not,
how do we organize things?
The important takeaway here is,
you should have four commonly used types.
One or more files which could be
organized into folders, however,
it makes the most sense to you.
But those files are dedicated
to strictly type information.
And the reason that you wanna keep
things that way is there is zero
asset size ramification or
close to zero, right?
For importing this type information,
as soon as you add other stuff to these
files, like if I were to move
the guards here, like is I team.
If that lived in types.ts, well,
somebody that just needed IMessage,
they're they're now paying the price
of having several of these functions
bundled together just cuz they needed
to refer to a particular type.
I mean, potentially,
a lot of these bundling tools are not so
sophisticated that they can
shake away portions of modules
that are unused it's generally like
an entire module is included or it's not.
And when you have modules that
are exclusively designated as places for
type information, you can feel very
comfortable reaching in there,
grabbing this interface out.
And at worst, you get the cost of an empty
module, included with your bundle,
which will just sort of be a module
with no exports at runtime.
And that can even be stripped away if you
bother to configure your tooling to do so,
does that make sense?
So the thing to optimize for
is keeping almost zero overhead
of nearly everything referencing
these types.ts file and
other files like it, right?
No asset has ramifications and
the way to do that, there should be no
values in these modules, only types.
A question from the class was,
we have all these config files, right?
We've got eslint,
I even have .postcss and .prettierrc,
and babel.config,
all this in the root directory.
Can we make a folder and
start hiding some of this stuff away,
the answer is some of it can be
hidden away, a lot of it can't.
And the reason is,
editors look to discover these kinds
of files in particular places.
And the the benefit you get from sort
of hiding them away like that is not
extremely high compared to
the work required to sort of
teach these tools where to look other than
the default location for their configs.
And I'll tell you, even if you bothered
to go and straighten that out,
you would put yourself in a very
small subset of users of these tools.
Where these are options and setups that
are just way more likely to break,
than the simple mainstream use case and
so you're exposing yourself to more risk.
Here's what I would do instead,
I would create a workspace
VS code config and
I would say you wanna ignore files See?
So let me see if I can make this work.
I'm actually pretty sure we do this
at least in my VS code course,
I'm not sure if Burke does it in his,
well, more up to date one.
But there's a way that you can tell
VS code in your settings here to just
don't show you the babel.rc,
don't show you this, don't show you that.
Or you could even map them into another
folder in your workspace to just
sort of get them out of the way.
You have the TLDR here is,
I would never want to move these
away from their default location,
I think it's more risk,
more trouble than it's worth.
And if you're working on a big
project like a TypeScript project,
you're charging money for,
that has a lot of people working on it.
You're gonna have a lot
of this stuff anyway,
there's just no running from that problem.
So the question was, how do we make sure
that our as our interfaces evolve,
the guards evolve to match them?
Which is a good question to ask because
I pointed out that this is
a high-risk part of your codebase.
If you bake lies into
your type information,
TypeScript will believe your lies,
and you will suffer because of that.
So I'm gonna answer that in a moment,
actually in the next section,
it's a great segue with tests for types.
So the way we're gonna solve
that is with a test suite for
this type information that we just made.
So all I'm gonna do here is export them
and then we'll carry this forward.
So the question is, if I encounter
a problem with types of my dependencies,
I have fixes in my local types folder and
then I published my library.
Won't that be a problem for
consumers of my library and the answer is,
absolutely yes, it will be.
However, this would allow you to keep
working on master, to keep merging
pull requests, to keep moving forward
without cutting a release, right?
And generally this is just
to get you unblocked,
you definitely wanna
pay attention to this.
And you wanna make sure that you're
not inflicting pain on your customers.
Cuz as I said before,
this types.ts, this is included,
this would be included with your library,
right, it's a module just like any other.
This stuff here you can think of this
this little place for local overrides,
this is just hacks and adjustments needed
in order to make your library compile.
So actually, let me walk back
my answer slightly cuz I said
absolutely it'll break off your users.
It will absolutely break
your users if the types that
are exported,
your public facing API surface
include stuff that relies on
those overrides in order to work.
Then you'll have a problem, but if it's
something that's just sort of the private
implementation details like you need to
use this new feature on service worker,
an t's not something that's typed yet.
But as long as it's hidden and
it doesn't come out in your declaration
files, no one's gonna feel that pain.
You do need to pay attention to it,
sometimes you can get away with it.
And the way I would try to make it work
I only have bad hacks to
offer you in this space.
I would say, see if you can get
your fixes merged for real and
then remove your hacks, make sure
everything works, then cut a release.
And if it's breaking for you,
it's probably breaking for
a lot of other people.
Usually a lot of motivation
to get this stuff fixed, but
the problems are extremely
tricky to solve sometimes.